README.md, before:

# nlp-with-python

## Resources

- https://pythonprogramming.net/twitter-sentiment-analysis-nltk-tutorial/
- https://hub.packtpub.com/how-to-perform-sentiment-analysis-using-python-tutorial/
- https://towardsdatascience.com/natural-language-processing-nlp-for-machine-learning-d44498845d5b
- http://text-processing.com/demo/
- https://www.datacamp.com/community/tutorials/text-analytics-beginners-nltk
- https://towardsdatascience.com/gentle-start-to-natural-language-processing-using-python-6e46c07addf3
- https://data-flair.training/blogs/nltk-python-tutorial/
- https://www.kaggle.com/itratrahman/nlp-tutorial-using-python
- https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/pythons-natural-language-tool-kit-nltk-tutorial-part-1-645688219a91
- https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-work-with-language-data-in-python-3-using-the-natural-language-toolkit-nltk
- https://www.kaggle.com/ngyptr/python-nltk-sentiment-analysis
- https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-binary-sentiment-analysis-using-nltk-c94ba17ae386
- https://www.figure-eight.com/data-for-everyone/

Commit message:

chore: updating readme with setup instructions

README.md, after:

# NLP with Python

## Running Code Samples

### Prerequisites

To run the code samples in this repo you need Python 3.7 installed. The easiest way to do this is with Homebrew `brew install python`. With Python installed install VirtualEnv with `python3 -m pip install --user virtualenv`.

### Setup Code

Inside the `src` folder, run `python3 -m venv env` to create your virtual environment, run `source env/bin/activate` to activate it.

Now run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the required packages. When this has completed run `python3 setup.py` to download some more required NLTK pacakges.

### Running Code

To run any of the code samples simply do `python3 filename.py`.


## Resources

A selection of useful links I found while putting together this repo.

- https://pythonprogramming.net/twitter-sentiment-analysis-nltk-tutorial/
- https://hub.packtpub.com/how-to-perform-sentiment-analysis-using-python-tutorial/
- https://towardsdatascience.com/natural-language-processing-nlp-for-machine-learning-d44498845d5b
- http://text-processing.com/demo/
- https://www.datacamp.com/community/tutorials/text-analytics-beginners-nltk
- https://towardsdatascience.com/gentle-start-to-natural-language-processing-using-python-6e46c07addf3
- https://data-flair.training/blogs/nltk-python-tutorial/
- https://www.kaggle.com/itratrahman/nlp-tutorial-using-python
- https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/pythons-natural-language-tool-kit-nltk-tutorial-part-1-645688219a91
- https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-work-with-language-data-in-python-3-using-the-natural-language-toolkit-nltk
- https://www.kaggle.com/ngyptr/python-nltk-sentiment-analysis
- https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-binary-sentiment-analysis-using-nltk-c94ba17ae386
- https://www.figure-eight.com/data-for-everyone/
